when you imagine a lake the first thing
that probably comes to mind is a calm
pool of water where you can swim sail or
just sit and enjoy the serene beauty
well I don't think you're gonna want to
go anywhere near the lakes I'm gonna
tell you about let alone take a dip in
their dangerous waters
number one Lake Karachi Russia dubbed
the most polluted place on earth
Lake Karachi is no body of water you
want to be anywhere near and that's
because it was chosen as a dumping site
for radioactive waste back in the 1950s
after accumulating this toxic stuff for
over 60 years
Karachi became a literal nuclear weapon
in and of itself even standing near its
waters for just a minute without
protection can cause severe health
issues and spending over an hour there
will be 100 percent lethal the good
thing is that no one is really allowed
to visit this place without special
permission I don't know about you but I
wouldn't want to go there even if I
could number two
lake Roxas tall Tibet you can't talk
about Tibet slake rahkshi stall without
mentioning its neighbor to the east lake
mana so far and that's because Tibetans
see the pair as embodiment of darkness
and light you'll understand why once you
actually compare the two men Isola voir
is a freshwater lake with plenty of fish
and locals praise it as a gift from the
gods
Raksha stall however is so salty that
literally nothing can survive in its
waters and those who live in nearby
villages consider it poisonous the lake
itself isn't really that dangerous
unless you're afraid of pure salt
because you can't at least tread in the
water it's just that nothing can live in
it so would you dare to take a swim
number three boiling Lake Dominica
well the name says it all for this one
located in Dominica's mourned wah Pete
on National Park this Lake can reach
temperatures of 197 degrees Fahrenheit
along its edges the center however must
get a lot hotter since it literally
starts to bubble and boil it doesn't
boil all the time though sometimes it's
just your typical volcanic lake with an
awesome view over it and people do sneak
in and swim there
I say sneak because swimming in the lake
is strictly prohibited giving that the
constant threat of totally unpredictable
spurts of scalding hot water means your
life is always in danger as long as
you're inside the lake number 4 Lake
Natron Tanzania if there's a really
notorious lake on our planet
it's definitely Lake Natron I mean with
just one look at its reddish tint you
pretty much know that something's off
with this body of water first of all the
water can get as hot as 120 degrees
Fahrenheit the red stuff is salt so it's
certainly not a freshwater lake and it's
pH level is about ten point five this
makes it so alkaline that very few
creatures can live in it in fact if you
happen to touch the water you can even
get a severe chemical burn what makes
the picture even more eerie are the
statue like remains of birds and animals
who were unfortunate enough to go near
Lake Natron besides all that this Lake
is actually pretty cool well you know
what I mean
number five Horseshoe Lake California
USA there are lakes surrounded by lush
forests and green pastures and then
there's Horseshoe Lake that only has
dead trees for hundreds of feet around
this lake is among the deadliest in the
world because of its co2 emissions it's
so hazardous that there are dozens of
warning signs posted miles before you
actually drive into its vicinity and
if you're careless enough to do so you
risk suffocating from a lack of oxygen
yeah probably time to turn around then
don't you think number six
Lake Neos Cameroon Lake Neos is one of
the three explosive lakes we know about
the other two are Lake mo noun which is
also in Cameroon and Lake kevo in the
Democratic Republic of the condo wait
back up did you catch that yeah this
Lake explodes well not like a bomb or
something you won't see a fire blast on
its surface but its co2 deposits at the
bottom are quite dangerous and even the
smallest earthquake can trigger their
release this already occurred in 1986
resulting in a massive tragedy for
nearby villages a cloud of co2 can rise
up from the lake and a burst and spread
far shore fortunately in the early 2000s
the government of Cameroon installed a
system that keeps the co2 at bay on the
other hand the lakes natural walls are
starting to weaken so the danger is
still very much real very scary indeed
number seven Lake of the Ozarks Missouri
USA a popular tourist destination
located in Central Missouri actually
holds a dark secret it's downright
poisonous despite the fact that it's
frequented by tourists from all over the
US and even the world the concentration
of e.coli bacteria in its water is so
high that you can get sick just by
swimming in it a lot of its beaches have
been closed because of the bacterial
infection threat and the state of
Missouri is constantly monitoring the
situation the source of the pollution is
the sewage systems that flow directly
into the lake contaminating it beyond
any measure and the danger is real ecoli
can be deadly when it enters the human
body so consider yourself warned if
you're planning a Lakeside vacation here
number eight Lake Michigan us now who
would have thought that one of the five
Great Lakes of North America would make
it on this list yet here it is in all
its grandeur despite its popularity and
millions of postcards printed with its
image Lake Michigan isn't as safe as you
think it's underwater currents can be so
rapid that if you swim in it you won't
even have time to react when something
grabs you and pulls you into the watery
depths I know
creepy stuff and although the weather
conditions are pretty cool around there
the lake itself isn't too kind to people
swimming or sailing in it Lake Michigan
is especially dangerous in October in
November so make sure you don't plan a
trip on the lake during these months
number nine Lake kevo the Democratic
Republic of Congo Wow deja vu huh I know
I already mentioned this Lake earlier
but I think it deserves more than just a
few words just like Lake Nyos kevo is an
exploding lake in one of the great lakes
of Africa what makes it different from
Neos and Monell is that it holds not
only co2 at its bottom but also nearly 2
trillion cubic feet of methane an
extremely explosive gas and now imagine
an earthquake happening somewhere nearby
all this methane will be let out
creating a huge burst that could kill
everything in its path what's more if
this toxic cloud meets some source of
fire on its way it'll create a massive
explosion sounds like a ready-made
script for a disaster movie like The Day
After Tomorrow to me
number ten Lake Champlain Vermont USA
there's nothing toxic explosive or
extremely hot about the waters of Lake
Champlain no it's the lakes inhabitants
that make this body of water dangerous
you see Champlain is home to hundreds if
not thousands of lampreys lampreys are
blood sucking parasites that latch onto
their prey to feed and yes they have
been known to hook onto humans if you
ever see a lamprey trust me you wouldn't
want one sucking on your arm or leg I
mean if mosquito bites are a nuisance
imagine what a bite this snake-like
thing can have now that's what
nightmares are made of
number 11 Lake Victoria Africa this Lake
seems so peaceful at first glance how on
earth could oppose any real threat well
it's been called the most dangerous lake
in the world and for good reason
that's because weather conditions over
change so rapidly and without any
warning that even experienced sailors
have no idea when to expect danger the
lake is navigable of course but every
trip on it is a risk you never know when
a current will form or a strong wind
will show up and overturn your boat
definitely not the best place to take a
swim or a nice sail well that just
goofed up my vacation plans so bright
ciders do you know any other dangers
bodies of water that people should stay
away from let everybody know in the
comments below if you learn something
new interesting or helpful in this video
then give it a like share with your
friends and click subscribe to always
stay on the bright side of life